Let's go to the Azure portal and check out a few things.
First, monitoring for your Kubernetes cluster.
Next,
we'll take a look at the cluster and registry so you can
see what those look like in the portal.
Finally, we'll visit the billing section.
Here is the Azure portal.
To get information about your cluster, select Kubernetes services.
We can see the demo cluster here and select it.
Let's check out what's being monitored.
Several metrics are gathered and displayed at various levels.
Here is some information at the cluster level such as node CPU utilization,
node count, and active pod count.
You can see information about your nodes such as containers
running on each node and resources used.
You can also see information about individual containers.
There are also several preconfigured workbooks for things like disk capacity,
disk IO, and network.
Under Metrics,
you can various metrics and have them plotted on the
graph with various configurations.
You can perform most actions via the CLI or in the portal.
It really just depends on your requirements and your preference.
For example, I could go to Node pools and adjust the number of nodes in the pool,
or I could add a new node pool altogether.
Let's take a look at the container registry.
You can access it from the hamburger menu or just do a search.
Here's the container registry that we created in the example.
If I drill into it and select Repositories,
we can see the examples/demo repository,
then the two different images that we've tagged,
1.0 and 2.0.
You can drill into each image to get additional information.
Finally, let's check out billing.
Since this is a new account running free services,
there really isn't much here yet,
but you can see there are many different options to manage and track your costs over time.